What is HTML? Why do we use it? HTML is a markup language that defines the structure of your content. HTML consists of a series of elements, which you use to enclose, or wrap, different parts of the content to make it appear a certain way, or act a certain way.This is a good example. <p>My cat is very grumpy</p>
What are the 3 main parts of an HTML element? Opening tag = <p> Content= My cat is very grumpy.Element is important the closing symbol(/) <p> cat''' </p> The opening tag: This consists of the name of the element (in this case, p), wrapped in opening and closing angle brackets. This states where the element begins or starts to take effect — in this case where the paragraph begins. The closing tag: This is the same as the opening tag, except that it includes a forward slash before the element name. This states where the element ends — in this case where the paragraph ends. Failing to add a closing tag is one of the standard beginner errors and can lead to strange results. The content: This is the content of the element, which in this case, is just text. The element: The opening tag, the closing tag, and the content together comprise the element.
What is it called when you give an element extra information? When you give a element extra information its called a attribute. The attribute gives extra information about an HTML element. Its value is displayed as a tooltip when a user mouses over that element. Example.The attribute name is title and the attribute value is "I am a tooltip" <p title="I am a tooltip"> This is a paragraph.</p>
What is a semantic element? A semantic element is a figure or image that needs a caption?; should it have a header and a footer in addition to the global site-wide header and footer?; etc. A Example is <body> represents the content of an HTML document. There can be only one such element in a document. 